docs/introduction/GettingStarted.mdx, before:

---
title: Getting Started
section: 1
tags: []
---
import TypeLink from '../../components/TypeLink.astro'

# Getting Started

## Prerequisites

To use the Supply Chain component, [yFiles for HTML](https://www.yworks.com/products/yfiles-for-html) is required.
You can evaluate yFiles for 60 days free of charge on [my.yworks.com](https://my.yworks.com/signup?product=YFILES_HTML_EVAL).
See [Licensing](https://docs.yworks.com/react-yfiles-supply-chain/introduction/licensing) for more information on this topic.

You can learn how to work with the yFiles npm module in our [Developer’s Guide](https://docs.yworks.com/yfileshtml/#/dguide/yfiles_npm_module). A convenient way of getting access to yFiles is to use the [yFiles Dev Suite](https://www.npmjs.com/package/yfiles-dev-suite).


## Project Setup

1. **Installation**

   In addition to yFiles, the Supply Chain requires React to be installed in your project.
   If you want to start your project from scratch, we recommend using vite:
   ```
   npm create vite@latest my-supply-chain-app -- --template react-ts
   ```

   Add the yFiles dependency:
   ```
   npm install <yFiles package path>/lib-dev/yfiles-26.0.0+dev.tgz
   ```

   <details>

   <summary>Sample <code>package.json</code> dependencies</summary>
   The resulting package.json dependencies should resemble the following:

   ```json
      "dependencies": {
        "react": "^18.2.0",
        "react-dom": "^18.2.0",
        "yfiles": "./lib-dev/yfiles-26.0.0.tgz"
     }
   ```
   </details>

   Now, the component itself can be installed:
   ```bash
   npm install @yworks/react-yfiles-supply-chain
   ```

2. **License**

   Be sure to invoke <TypeLink type="registerLicense" /> before using the Supply Chain React component.
   When evaluating yFiles, the license JSON file is found in the `lib/` folder of the yFiles for HTML evaluation package.
   For licensed users, the license data is provided separately.

   <details>

   <summary>License registration</summary>

   Import or paste your license data and register the license, e.g. in `App.tsx`:

   ```js
   import yFilesLicense from './license.json'

   registerLicense(yFilesLicense)
   ```
   </details>

3. **Stylesheet**

   Make sure to import the CSS stylesheet as well:

   ```js
   import '@yworks/react-yfiles-supply-chain/dist/index.css'
   ```

4. **Usage**

   You are now all set to utilize the Supply Chain component with your data!
   See a basic example `App.tsx` below:

   ```tsx
   import {
     registerLicense,
     SupplyChain,
   } from '@yworks/react-yfiles-supply-chain'

   import '@yworks/react-yfiles-supply-chain/dist/index.css'

   import yFilesLicense from './license.json'

   registerLicense(yFilesLicense)

   const data = {
     items: [
       { name: 'Copper-Ore', id: 1, parentId: 3 },
       { name: 'Copper-Plate', id: 2, parentId: 4 },
       { name: 'Resource', id: 3 },
       { name: 'Material', id: 4 }
     ],
     connections: [{ sourceId: 1, targetId: 2 }]
   }

   function App() {
     return <SupplyChain data={data}></SupplyChain>
   }

   export default App
   ```

   > **Note:** By default, the <TypeLink type="SupplyChain" /> component adjusts its size to match the size of its parent element. Therefore, it is necessary to set the dimensions of the containing element or apply styling directly to the `SupplyChain` component. This can be achieved by defining a CSS class or applying inline styles.

## Learn More

Explore the possibilities of visualizing supply chain diagrams with the yFiles Supply Chain Component. For further information about [yFiles for HTML](https://www.yworks.com/yfiles-overview) and our company, please visit [yWorks.com](https://www.yworks.com).

For support or feedback, please reach out to [our support team](https://website.yworks.home/contact) or open an issue on GitHub. Happy diagramming!

Commit message:

REA-426: Added link to react components overview page

docs/introduction/GettingStarted.mdx, after:

---
title: Getting Started
section: 1
tags: []
---
import TypeLink from '../../components/TypeLink.astro'

# Getting Started

## Prerequisites

To use the Supply Chain component, [yFiles for HTML](https://www.yworks.com/products/yfiles-for-html) is required.
You can evaluate yFiles for 60 days free of charge on [my.yworks.com](https://my.yworks.com/signup?product=YFILES_HTML_EVAL).
See [Licensing](https://docs.yworks.com/react-yfiles-supply-chain/introduction/licensing) for more information on this topic.

You can learn how to work with the yFiles npm module in our [Developer’s Guide](https://docs.yworks.com/yfileshtml/#/dguide/yfiles_npm_module). A convenient way of getting access to yFiles is to use the [yFiles Dev Suite](https://www.npmjs.com/package/yfiles-dev-suite).


## Project Setup

1. **Installation**

   In addition to yFiles, the Supply Chain requires React to be installed in your project.
   If you want to start your project from scratch, we recommend using vite:
   ```
   npm create vite@latest my-supply-chain-app -- --template react-ts
   ```

   Add the yFiles dependency:
   ```
   npm install <yFiles package path>/lib-dev/yfiles-26.0.0+dev.tgz
   ```

   <details>

   <summary>Sample <code>package.json</code> dependencies</summary>
   The resulting package.json dependencies should resemble the following:

   ```json
      "dependencies": {
        "react": "^18.2.0",
        "react-dom": "^18.2.0",
        "yfiles": "./lib-dev/yfiles-26.0.0.tgz"
     }
   ```
   </details>

   Now, the component itself can be installed:
   ```bash
   npm install @yworks/react-yfiles-supply-chain
   ```

2. **License**

   Be sure to invoke <TypeLink type="registerLicense" /> before using the Supply Chain React component.
   When evaluating yFiles, the license JSON file is found in the `lib/` folder of the yFiles for HTML evaluation package.
   For licensed users, the license data is provided separately.

   <details>

   <summary>License registration</summary>

   Import or paste your license data and register the license, e.g. in `App.tsx`:

   ```js
   import yFilesLicense from './license.json'

   registerLicense(yFilesLicense)
   ```
   </details>

3. **Stylesheet**

   Make sure to import the CSS stylesheet as well:

   ```js
   import '@yworks/react-yfiles-supply-chain/dist/index.css'
   ```

4. **Usage**

   You are now all set to utilize the Supply Chain component with your data!
   See a basic example `App.tsx` below:

   ```tsx
   import {
     registerLicense,
     SupplyChain,
   } from '@yworks/react-yfiles-supply-chain'

   import '@yworks/react-yfiles-supply-chain/dist/index.css'

   import yFilesLicense from './license.json'

   registerLicense(yFilesLicense)

   const data = {
     items: [
       { name: 'Copper-Ore', id: 1, parentId: 3 },
       { name: 'Copper-Plate', id: 2, parentId: 4 },
       { name: 'Resource', id: 3 },
       { name: 'Material', id: 4 }
     ],
     connections: [{ sourceId: 1, targetId: 2 }]
   }

   function App() {
     return <SupplyChain data={data}></SupplyChain>
   }

   export default App
   ```

   > **Note:** By default, the <TypeLink type="SupplyChain" /> component adjusts its size to match the size of its parent element. Therefore, it is necessary to set the dimensions of the containing element or apply styling directly to the `SupplyChain` component. This can be achieved by defining a CSS class or applying inline styles.

## Learn More

Explore the possibilities of visualizing supply chain diagrams with the yFiles Supply Chain Component. For further information about [yFiles for HTML](https://www.yworks.com/yfiles-overview) and our company, please visit [yWorks.com](https://www.yworks.com).

If you are exploring a different use case and require another React component,
please take a look at the available [React components](https://www.yworks.com/yfiles-react-components) powered by yFiles!

For support or feedback, please reach out to [our support team](https://website.yworks.home/contact) or open an issue on GitHub. Happy diagramming!
